Maslow's hierarchy of needs

1.Physiological needs

Physiological needs are the physical requirements for human survival. If these requirements are not met,
the human body cannot function properly and will ultimately fail. Physiological needs are thought to be 
the most important; they should be met first.

incl:1)Air (Breathing)
     2)Water
     3)Food
     4)Sleep
     5)Clothing
     6)Shelter
     7)Sexual instinct

2.Safety needs

Once a person's physiological needs are relatively satisfied, their safety needs take precedence and dominate behavior. 
In the absence of physical safety – due to war, natural disaster, family violence, childhood abuse, etc. 
people may (re-)experience post-traumatic stress disorder or transgenerational trauma. In the absence of economic safety – due 
to economic crisis and lack of work opportunities – these safety needs manifest themselves in ways such as a preference for job
security, grievance procedures for protecting the individual from unilateral authority, savings accounts, insurance policies, 
disability accommodations, etc. This level is more likely to predominate in children as they generally have a greater 
need to feel safe.

incl:1)Personal security
     2)Financial security
     3)Health and well-being

Safety needs against accidents/illness and their adverse impacts


3.Social belonging

After physiological and safety needs are fulfilled, the third level of human needs is interpersonal and involves 
feelings of belongingness. This need is especially strong in childhood and it can override the need for safety 
as witnessed in children who cling to abusive parents. Deficiencies within this level of Maslow's hierarchy – due 
to hospitalism, neglect, shunning, ostracism, etc. – can adversely affect the individual's ability to form and maintain 
emotionally significant relationships in general.

inclu:1)Friendships
      2)Intimacy
      3)Family

According to Maslow, humans need to feel a sense of belonging and acceptance among social groups, regardless whether these 
groups are large or small. For example, some large social groups may include clubs, co-workers, religious groups, professional
organizations, sports teams, gangs, and online communities.

Some examples of small social connections include family members, intimate partners, mentors, colleagues, and confidants. 
Humans need to love and be loved – both sexually and non-sexually – by others.

Many people become susceptible to loneliness, social anxiety, and clinical depression in the absence of this love or
belonging element. This need for belonging may overcome the physiological and security needs, depending on the strength
of the peer pressure.


4.Esteem


Esteem needs are ego needs or status needs develop a concern with getting recognition, status, importance, and respect from 
others. All humans have a need to feel respected; this includes the need to have self-esteem and self-respect. Esteem presents
the typical human desire to be accepted and valued by others. People often engage in a profession or hobby to gain recognition. 
These activities give the person a sense of contribution or value. Low self-esteem or an inferiority complex may result from 
imbalances during this level in the hierarchy. People with low self-esteem often need respect from others; they may feel the need 
to seek fame or glory. However, fame or glory will not help the person to build their self-esteem until they accept who they are 
internally. Psychological imbalances such as depression can hinder the person from obtaining a higher level of self-esteem or
self-respect.


Most people have a need for stable self-respect and self-esteem. Maslow noted two versions of esteem needs:a "lower" version 
and a "higher" version.

1) The "lower" version of esteem is the need for respect from others. 
   incl: a need for status, recognition, fame, prestige,  attention. 

2）The "higher" version manifests itself as the need for self-respect. 
   like: the person may have a need for strength, competence, mastery, self-confidence, independence, and freedom. 
         This "higher" version takes precedence over the "lower" version becuz it relies on an inner competence established 
         through experience. Deprivation of these needs may lead to an inferiority complex, weakness, helplessness etc. .

notes:Maslow states that while he originally thought the needs of humans had strict guidelines, the "hierarchies are interrelated
      rather than sharply separated".
      ie. esteem and the subsequent levels are not strictly separated; instead, the levels are closely related.



PS:
1)Self-actualization

    What a man can be, he must be.

    quotation forms the basis of the perceived need for self-actualization. This level of need refers to what a person's 
    full potential is and the realization of that potential. Maslow describes this level as the desire to accomplish everything 
    that one can, to become the most that one can be.

    Individuals may perceive or focus on this need very specifically. 
    like: one individual may have the strong desire to become an ideal parent. In another, the desire may be expressed athletically.
               For others, it may be expressed in paintings, pictures, or inventions.

    As previously mentioned, Maslow believed that to understand this level of need, the person must not only achieve the previous 
    needs, but master them.

    notes:The term "self-actualization" may not universally convey Maslow's observations; this motivation refers to focusing on 
          becoming the best person that one can possibly strive for in the service of both the self and others.

          Maslow's term of self-actualization might not properly portray the full extent of this level; quite often, when a 
          person is at the level of self-actualization, much of what they accomplish in general may benefit others,
          or "the greater good".


2)Self-transcendence

    In his later years, Abraham Maslow explored a further dimension of needs, while criticizing his own vision on self-actualization.
    By this later theory, the self only finds its actualization in giving itself to some higher outside goal, in altruism and 
    spirituality. He equated this with the desire to reach the infinite.

    "Transcendence refers to the very highest and most inclusive or holistic levels of human consciousness, behaving and relating,
    as ends rather than means, to oneself, to significant others, to human beings in general, to other species, to nature, and 
    to the cosmos" (Farther Reaches of Human Nature, New York 1971, p. 269).








































