Stockholm_syndrome

Q:在这片神奇的土地上，我们所有人共享的一种精神病?
A:Stockholm_syndrome

  quote wikipedia:
  
  1.symotoms and behaviours
  
  Victims of the formal definition of Stockholm syndrome develop "positive feelings toward their captors
  and sympathy for their causes and goals, and negative feelings toward the police or authorities". These
  symptoms often follow escaped victims back into their previously ordinary lives.

  2.Coping mechanism

  From a psychoanalytic lens, it can be argued that Stockholm syndrome arises strictly as a result of
  survival instincts. Strentz states, "the victim’s need to survive is stronger than his impulse to hate 
  the person who has created the dilemma." A positive emotional bond between captor and captive is a 
  "defense mechanism of the ego under stress".These sentimental feelings are not strictly 4 show, however.
  Since captives often fear that their affection will be perceived as fake, they eventually begin to 
  believe that their positive sentiments are genuine.


  3.Attachment patterns

  Stockholm syndrome is not merely a condition developed in victims of kidnappings or hostage instances.
  It can also be applied to a wider variety of situations, afflicting victims of domestic or child abuse, 
  human trafficking, and incest. Prisoners of war, political terrorism, cult members, concentration camp
  prisoners, slaves, and prostitutes" can also fall prey to Stockholm syndrome.It is believed that women 
  are especially subject to develop the condition.

  3.1 Typically, Stockholm syndrome develops in captives when they engage in "face-to-face contact" with
      their captors, as well as when captors make captives doubt the likelihood of their survival by
      aggressively terrorizing them into "helpless, powerless, and submissive" states. This enables
      captors to appear to be nice people when captors perform acts of kindness on, or fail to "beat,
      abuse, or rape the victims".


  3.2 Evolutionarily speaking, research evidence exists to support the genuine scientific nature of
      Stockholm syndrome.[citation needed] Responses similar to those in human captives have been detected
      in some reptiles and mammals, primates in particular. Ideas like "dominance hierarchies and
      submission strategies" assist in devising explanations for the illogical reasoning behind the
      symptoms of those suffering from Stockholm syndrome as a result of an oppressive relationship of any
      kind.

  3.3 One of the "adaptive problems faced by our hunter-gatherer ancestors", particularly females, was
      being abducted by another band. Life in the "human environment of evolutionary adaptiveness" (EEA) 
      is thought by researchers such as Israeli military historian Azar Gat to be similar to that of the
      few remaining hunter-gatherer societies. "Deadly violence is also regularly activated in competition
      over women. . . . Abduction of women, rape, ... are widespread direct causes of reproductive 
      conflict ..." Being captured and having their dependent children killed might have been fairly 
      common. Women who resisted capture in such situations risked being killed.
 
      Azar Gat asserts that war and abductions (capture) were typical of human pre-history. When selection
      is intense and persistent, adaptive traits (such as capture-bonding) become universal to the
      population or species.

      Partial activation of the capture-bonding psychological trait may lie behind battered person 
      syndrome, military basic training, fraternity hazing, and sex practices such as sadism/masochism or 
      bondage/discipline.Being captured by neighbouring tribes was a relatively common event for women in 
      human history, if anything like the recent history of the few remaining tribes. In some of those
      tribes (Yanomamo, for instance), practically everyone in the tribe is descended from a captive 
      within the last three generations. Perhaps as high as one in ten of females were abducted and 
      incorporated into the tribe that captured them.


quote:https://counsellingresource.com/therapy/self-help/stockholm/
 
      It has been found that four situations or conditions are present that serve as a foundation for the 
      development of Stockholm Syndrome. These four situations can be found in hostage, severe abuse, and 
      abusive relationships:

      1.The presence of a perceived threat to one’s physical or psychological survival and the belief that
        the abuser would carry out the threat.
      2.The presence of a perceived small kindness from the abuser to the victim
      3.Isolation from perspectives other than those of the abuser
      4.The perceived inability to escape the situation
  


