will_i_fail_in_life_if_i_fail_the_exam


quote:

Invictus
By William Ernest Henley (1849-1903)

out of the night that covers me
black as a pit from pole to pole
i thank whatever gods may be
for my unconquerable soul

in the fell clutch of circumstance
i have not winced nor cried aloud
under the bludgeonings of chance
my head is bloody,but unbowed

it matters not how strait the gate
how charged with punishments the scroll
i am the master of my fate
i am the captain of my soul



Q:why i get tense & depression?
  Am i the ultimate reason behind all the happenings of my life ?

A: 
  howsoever much i may try to tell myself that failures are the pillars to 
  success and that failing is okay, the thing about failure is ,it hurts.it
  is freaking hurts to fail.
  
  all those hours of preparation, those missed hangouts and longer than
  intended breaks haunt me.but what hurts even more is that,the tomorrow i 
  imagined was certain never going to come now.

  i know the beautiful adorned the door of our classroom in school:
   it is better to try and fail than not to have tried at all.
   whenever u fail,pick sth up.
  

  and others told me:
   1)the real failure is to lost the hope and quit. The thing which naming
    'failure ' is ultimately 'the plans that didn't work ' 
    don't take failure emotionally its okay to fail again and again but
     what not okay is to 'quit'.

   2)set your mind like a champion and start a diary and note down the 
   points which are responsible behind the bad performance and then at the
   moment start to work for improvement. 


   3)Its your thinking that limits the infinite power of your brain. 
   person who failed lot is supposed to be motivator (as its he only who
  learned lot ) not the motivation seeker'. 

   4)Do no focus on a plan, but on the goal. On the road u may get tired,
  but if you remember what you're fighting for, you get on your tracks. 


   okay,i will delete those words in future...it looks really weird and 
   creepy.

  what i need now is either a newer tomorrow of a better way to achieve 
  the same one.maybe i should move from the 1080p to the 360p version of
  tomorrow at this stage,or may i should be bold enough to accept the
  fact that i did not try enough and audacious enough to think that i can
  do better.(ie,be the stubborn child who just would not stop crying 
  till i get that freaking toy.)

   so i sit down and ls -al:


Q:how do i cope with trying and failing?

A:
 
 1)i failed numbers of times in my life.

 build chronology:
 
 i saw a good friendship fail before me.
 i failed to get into the college of my choice .
 i was drenched in shame and regret in my first two years
  in college.
 i failed to identify people who i should not have trusted deeply.
 i failed to pick up the guitar to play.
 until today ,i still donnot know how to live with the
  tired that ieveitably creeps into every relationship.

 etc...(i cannot bear to do this today)

 2) these things which were after effort, and some were 
 due to lazy
indifference,and others where i could not value what i 
was expected to
achieve.


 3)so 

Qs:

   Is it my ultimate goal?
   Am i realize what i truly wanted in life?
   How can i have self-esteem if i don't think my values are worth seeking, 
   or that i am unable to attain them?


A:
  
  haha,now i know the answer is yes.

  funny thing is my daddy ask me exactly the same Qs i ls above.

  And my daddy said:
  welocme to the real world,u r not the only one who has had to go through 
such hell.yes it is fell like right now,but it never means that u cannot do
it.years later u will back at this time thinking howit seemed like so big an
issue then but it actually is not.it is ok,and failling is a part of life.
  
  then he asked me find out what go wrong and figure out what need to do.
  he said: it is okay to walk away before everything get any worse and go do 
  sth else while u get refoused.(i will think about it but not now.)


  Q:What am i gonna do?

  A:

  1)Keep Buggering On.I am only flesh and a little bone.

  2)ignore who never got better marks but all of a sudden passed the exam.
  just say FU in my mind and smile,laugh and move on.

  3)Dad suggest me 2 get along with my co-workers.Do i need 2 listen them 
  talking rubbish in the office? definetly not,cuz most of time they just 
  chatting.is it more impor than excel at ur work? no, i always inclined that
  bosses want productivity first and if u get along that is a bonus for them.
  i know many co. fired sb and then they say "fit in to our culture",they
   primarily mean,how attractive do u look and how well u get along with 
   others.not so much on job ability.It is a sick world we live in and yet we
   wish 4 world peace? we cannot even fix our own behaviors.(okay,i have gone completely off-track.)

  4) sometimes i postpone ths cuz i wanna achieve perfection-in making
   notes,in weiting answers,in understanding concepts or in acquiring 
   materials.

     i decide to ask myself following Qs when i do this:

     can i complete this task today?
     why am i feeling like postpoing it?
     is the resaon i am giving myself logical and valid?
     will i really utilize today's time to the best possible way if i 
     postpone this task?




  quote:

  Eight o' clock
  A.E.Housman

  he stood
  and heard the steeples sprinkle the quarters on the morning town.
  one,two,three,four
  to marketplace and people,it tossed them down.
  strapped..
  noosed,nighing his hour
  he stood and counted them,cursed his luck
  and then the clock collected in the tower
  its strength,and struck.



